{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red43\green35\blue29;\red49\green115\blue175;\red52\green52\blue52;
\red242\green244\blue246;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14340\viewh14460\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8900\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl3200 \clpadb200 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf2 "Atomoxetine is used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).\
Common side-effects are lack of appetite and feeling sleepy.\
During this treatment you will be invited for regular check-ups. It is important that you keep these appointments."\
http://www.patient.co.uk/medicine/atomoxetine-for-adhd-strattera\
-------------------------------------------------------\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/default.htm"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs26 \cf3 ADHD}}
\fs26 \cf0  as an adult, chances are good that your doctor has prescribed a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/drugs/index-drugs.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 medication}} -- typically a stimulant -- and suggested cognitive behavioral therapy or even a life coach. She might also have suggested a good pocket planner.\
Treating {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/guide/adhd-adults"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 ADHD in adults}} requires a multi-pronged approach. Symptoms are generally treated with medicine.\
But it's not just a matter of taking a pill. There is work to be done on practical stuff, such as getting organized, and on other emotional issues that often come with the territory.\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
Choosing the right medication for a patient with ADHD is often about avoiding worsening other health problems. For instance, Adler says he wouldn't prescribe a stimulant to a patient who has a substance abuse problem, because stimulants have a high potential for abuse.\
\
http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/features/adult-adhd-treatment\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
"Our focus is now on assisting patients in maintaining these improvements and continuing to make meaningful, positive changes in their lives," Adler says.\
http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/features/adult-adhd-treatment\
\
-------------------------------------------------------------------\
For some people, the baggage that comes with ADHD is part of the problem.\
"Some of the emotional issues you see have to do with not feeling good about themselves, feeling that they aren't capable and competent, because things they do take more effort and they internalize that," Tzelepis says. "The kind of feedback they get from others -- that they're lazy or if they worked harder they'd do better -- they constantly get the message they aren't good enough.''\
\
http://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/features/adult-adhd-treatment?page=2\
\
\'feessi hlekkur er lykillin a\'f0 \'fev\'ed a\'f0 redda \'feessu.\
\'e1s\'e6\'f0an fyrir \'fev\'ed a\'f0 \'e9g segi \'feetta er s\'fa a\'f0 \'e9g tel a\'f0 \'fea\'f0 sem \'e9g \'feurfi s\'e9 \'fea\'f0 sem er mest potent og hefur reynst best. \'dat fr\'e1 kerfisbundnum athugunum sem t\'f6lfr\'e6\'f0ilegri skr\'e1setningu \'fe\'e1 er \'fea\'f0 lyf sem \'ed bo\'f0i er ss concerta \'fea\'f0 sem er l\'edklegast a\'f0 muni virka best.  skrbyggt \'e1 l\'edkindum \'fev\'ed a\'f0 \'e9g er \'ed \'feannig umhverfi \'fear sem mikil er krafist af m\'e9r\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs28 \cf0 One buzzkill for guys could be a variety of sexual dysfunctions ranging from pain during or immediately after ejaculation (although for a small segment of the population that could be a bonus) to not being able to get it up with a forklift. Sometimes these these side effects are temporary, sometimes they aren\'92t.
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 Everyone is freaking out about serious liver problems that a handful of people developed. Don\'92t mix Strattera with alcohol or a history of liver problems, and talk to your doctor about getting periodic liver function and complete blood panels.\
\
http://www.crazymeds.us/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Meds/Strattera\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f0 \cf0 So when I was 11 (ish) I was put on Strattera for my ADHD, I was on it for about a month when my skin started welting up and sloughing off. Scary stuff. Came off it straight away and the marks didn\'92t disappear (especially around my joints) for another 18 months. I am not a fan.\
http://www.crazymeds.us/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Meds/Strattera\
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 It may take several weeks before you notice the full benefits of this medication. It is important to continue taking atomoxetine as directed, even if you do not notice immediate improvement.\
\
http://www.nami.org/Template.cfm?Section=About_Medications&Template=/TaggedPage/TaggedPageDisplay.cfm&TPLID=51&ContentID=66284\
\
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\
http://www.nami.org/Template.cfm?Section=About_Medications&Template=/TaggedPage/TaggedPageDisplay.cfm&TPLID=51&ContentID=66284\
\
cool s\'ed\'f0a\
\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\fs26 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural

\fs30 \cf2 stratera er n\'fdrra og \'fear af lei\'f0andi ekki eins mikil reynsla \'e1 lyfinu.\
\'fea\'f0 gerir mann syfja\'f0an.\
og m\'e1tlausa\
\
skr\'e1\'f0 me\'f0at\'f6l sem \'e9g s\'e1 voru flest \'f6ll \'ed kringum 60 prosent virkni \'feegar  skr\'e1\'f0ir notendur voru fleiri enn hundra\'f0\
\
concerta var me\'f0 80 pr\'f3sent virkni\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 It made me want to sleep all day and made me extremely nauseated. After a month of taking 40mg it didn't touch my ADHD and after a month of 60mg still nothing happened except the side effects.\
\
mina sex drive og minna erraction\
\
tilfinning um a\'f0 geta ekki pissa\'f0\
\
\'fea\'f0 er dyrt\
\
\'fea\'f0 l\'fdtur \'fat fyrir a\'f0 vera eitthva\'f0 bullshit me\'f0 magni\'f0 \'e1 skammti og \'fea\'f0 l\'fdtur \'fat fyrir a\'f0 vera miki\'f0 a\'f0 aukaverkunum sem tengjast \'fev\'ed \'feegar h\'e6kkun e\'f0a l\'e6kkun \'e1 skammti \'e1 s\'e9r sta\'f0\
\
miki\'f0 tala\'f0 um \'f3gle\'f0i.
\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 Took it for a month. It caused a great deal of anxiety, sweating, and nausea.\
\

\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \'fea\'f0 krefst fleiri vi\'f0talst\'edma og athuganir.\
\
\'feetta lyf er anti depresant\
\
segja fr\'e1 ritalin noktun\
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
concerta\
\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 I am 23 years old and have been on Concerta for over 2 years. I can tell you, as all of you have mentioned, that the first initial response my brain had to this medicine is efficiency. I went from not knowing if I could make it through school, to getting myself back into school after a year or so off\
\
I am a 19 year old studying Chemical Engineering in college, and I would say that Concerta has helped me so much. I started taking this in 18mg doses in 3rd grade and I was then able make straight A's through 5th grade. I then began taking a higher dosage of 36mg in middle school and continued taking it until this day. I graduated within the top 4% of my high school class and I am doing very well in college. The single greatest thing about Concerta at 36mg dosage, is that I can study and stay focused up to 12 hours straight! I have become an extremely hard worker and other students, who don't have ADD, simply can't keep up with me because of the amount of time I am able to put into my studies. I would highly recommend Concerta.\
\
http://www.drugs.com/comments/methylphenidate/concerta-for-attention-deficit-disorder.html?page=3\
\
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\fs30 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa440\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \
\
\
\cell \lastrow\row
}